2nd July 2000
     A mirror in the US is now available for dopewars downloads. Follow the US
links (as opposed to the UK links) on the download page to download from this
site.

14th January 2000
     dopewars 1.4.7 released. This now uses autoconf to build on a variety
of "odd" Unices, and also "out of the box" under Cygwin (Win32). Servers for
which the IP is incorrectly resolved by the metaserver can now set a
preferred hostname with the "MetaServer.LocalName" variable.

31st Decemeber 1999
     The Polish version of dopewars has moved to http://dresswars.mtl.pl/

12th November 1999 
     dopewars 1.4.6 released. This fixes a few minor bugs with 1.4.5, and is now
also available on the popular Windows platform. A Win32 binary can be downloaded
from the download page,
http://bellatrix.pcl.ox.ac.uk/~ben/dopewars/download.html.

8th November 1999 
     A translation of the dopewars pages and dopewars client software into
Polish is now available at http://naboo.mtl.pl/~dopewars/.

21st October 1999 
     dopewars 1.4.5 released. Client players can now be instructed to connect to
the metaserver, to present a "nice" list of available servers for the user to
select from; more configuration options; metaserver almost works with web
proxies now.

11th October 1999 
     Snapshots of the latest in-development version of dopewars are now made
available on a semi-regular basis at the main download page. HTML documentation
is also now available.

16th September 1999 
     dopewars 1.4.4 released. This handles connection to the new metaserver
automatically, so that the list of dopewars servers can be easily kept up to
date. Other minor changes fix small bugs from earlier versions.

15th September 1999 
     Servers can now be registered by completing the form at 
http://bellatrix.pcl.ox.ac.uk/~ben/dopewars/serverform.html. The upcoming
version 1.4.4 of dopewars will be able to handle the connection to the web and
the completion of registration details automatically.

23rd June 1999 
     dopewars 1.4.3 released. This adds many new features (while hopefully not
adding any new bugs) such as much better fight handling, and the ability to
customise dopewars servers and clients.

16th May 1999 
     dopewars 1.4.2 released. This version fixes numerous minor bugs and makes
many small improvements - most noticeable is the support for AI players in
multiplayer games (dopewars -c).

28th April 1999 
     Interim release of dopewars 1.4.1b, which fixes a segfault problem with the
server.

28th April 1999 
     Interim release of dopewars 1.4.1a, which corrects a few minor bugs in
"antique" mode.

27th April 1999 
     dopewars 1.4.1 released. This fixes a bug with the loan shark, which was
discovered by several people quick off the mark; dunno how that slipped past my
team of beta testers here at Oxford - they're obviously too busy doing "real"
work!

27th April 1999 
     First GPL release of dopewars (1.4.0) 

